W3C® DOCUMENT LICENSE
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-documents-20021231

Public documents on the W3C site are provided by the copyright holders
under the following license. By using and/or copying this document,
or the W3C document from which this statement is linked, you (the
licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with
the following terms and conditions:

Permission to copy, and distribute the contents of this document, or
the W3C document from which this statement is linked, in any medium
for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided
that you include the following on ALL copies of the document, or
portions thereof, that you use:

   1. A link or URL to the original W3C document.
   2. The pre-existing copyright notice of the original author, or if
      it doesn't exist, a notice (hypertext is preferred, but a textual
      representation is permitted) of the form:
        "Copyright © [$date-of-document] World Wide Web Consortium,
         (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, European Research
         Consortium for Informatics and Mathematics, Keio University).
         All Rights Reserved.
         http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-documents-20021231"
   3. If it exists, the STATUS of the W3C document.

When space permits, inclusion of the full text of this NOTICE should
be provided. We request that authorship attribution be provided in any
software, documents, or other items or products that you create
pursuant to the implementation of the contents of this document, or
any portion thereof.

No right to create modifications or derivatives of W3C documents is
granted pursuant to this license. However, if additional requirements
(documented in the Copyright FAQ <http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/IPR-FAQ>)
are satisfied, the right to create modifications or derivatives is
sometimes granted by the W3C to individuals complying with those
requirements.

THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE DOCUMENT
ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH
CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS,
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE DOCUMENT OR THE
PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF.

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to this document or its contents
without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in this
document will at all times remain with copyright holders.
